well most people think **that** lion **only** come from Aferica. And you will be forgiving ~~to~~ for  thinking these because ~~some~~ most lions due come from aferica. But It always be in case. If we ~~came~~ go back 10,000 years, we would find that their were lions  section ~~years ago~~ of the gloves. But now, unfortunately , only very small sections lion for my typicar for main. . My perticular interest is Aisaist plant, which are subspecieces ~~in~~ on Aferica lion ~~line~~.at almost 100,000 years time in the vilet to ~~bechiese~~ the sub specieces. at one time Aisa dicline ~~ancient lions~~ was living as far way as greece. And they were found from there in the bank that prediced east to the country in the middle east ~~where is far away from country in the east~~, All the way to india, and in museums, you can **now** see great coines that type clear images of the Aisia  on then . most of medata at around 500  ~~700~~ BC  . However, Europe ~~always~~  thougt lost lion in aisa  xxxxx 2000 years ago. Over the next 19, 00 years, the number of aisa  decline in the other area declared deadly. But it is only in **the** 19 centrey. The **data** deappear every where but only India. So, how can you tell a aisa **decline** ~~different~~ from Aisa lion~~to ancient lion~~ . Which is your probably in media. Well, in general, Aisa lion ~~is~~ are not the bigest afreica lion , the color is ~~most~~ more or less  in same, but the parent of main is different. That is the hair ~~on~~ around the ~~right~~ lion's face. The acil  line to   is most be shorter than The aferican lion's. Aisa lion also has a long photo skin on the xxx side.

