1. What's your name?  DongAnning.

2. Does your name have any special meaning? Anning in 

3. Where were you come from? 

4. What kind of landscape surrounds your hometown?

   **landscape**

   [ˈlændskeip]
   n.风景,山水画,地形,前景
   v.美化

   Modern building

   rurality(/rʊə'rælətɪ/) scenery(/'siːn(ə)rɪ/)

5. What is the main crop in your hometown?

   crop 农作物

6. What is the difference between Beijing and your hometown?

   skyscraper

1. What are the main places of interest in your hometown?
2. What is the climate like in your hometown?
3. What is the character of the people like in the region where you live?
4. What are the differences in accent between the people of your hometown and Beijing?
5. What is people's favorite food in your region?
6. How do you make dumplings?
7. What do you do during the Spring Festival?
8. Why is the Spring Festival so important to Chinese people?
9. Can you describe one of the main festivals celebrated in your country?
10. Tell me something about the Lantern Festival.
11. Tell me something about the Qing Ming Festival.
12. Tell me something about the customs of your country.
13. How long have you lived in Beijing?
14. What is the weather like in Beijing?
15. How do you compare the climate in Beijing with that in your hometown?
16. What place in Beijing do you like best? Why?
17. Which is the worst place you've been to China?
18. Which is the best place you've been to China?
19. What places in Beijing should a foreigner visit? Why?
20. Are there any special customs about wedding in your region?
21. Describe a traditional wedding ceremony.
22. How do Chinese usually celebrate birthdays?
23. Are there any traditions concerning the birth of a baby?
24. Do you enjoy shopping?